<!-- default file list -->
*Files to look at*:

* **[MainPage.xaml](./CS/XpfMapLesson4/MainPage.xaml) (VB: [MainPage.xaml](./VB/XpfMapLesson4/MainPage.xaml))**
* [MainPage.xaml.cs](./CS/XpfMapLesson4/MainPage.xaml.cs) (VB: [MainPage.xaml.vb](./VB/XpfMapLesson4/MainPage.xaml.vb))
<!-- default file list end -->
# How to bind a Map control to a datasource
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e4705)**
<!-- run online end -->


<p>This example illustrates how to bind a map control to data, which is stored in an external XML file. The XML data source contains information about wrecked ships including ship coordinates. <br />
</p><p>In this example the map control automatically generates ship images based on data from a datasource, along with a description for each image on a tooltip. </p><br />
<br />



<h3>Description</h3>

<p>To accomplish this task, create a required data source (in this example, this is a collection of business objects generated by the <strong>LoadDataFromXML</strong> method) or use the existing ones. Then, assign a data source to the<strong> VectorLayer.ItemsSource</strong> property. In addition, specify latitude and longitude data members (<strong>VectorLayer.LatitudeDataMember</strong> and <strong>VectorLayer.LongitudeDataMember</strong>) to define map coordinates for generated vector elements.</p>
<p>To specify the appearance of these elements, define a data template using the <strong>VectorLayer.ItemTemplate</strong> property. You can also define a template for tooltips using the<strong> VectorLayerBase.ToolTipContentTemplate</strong> property.</p>
<p>Note that if you run this sample as is, you will get a warning message saying that the specified Bing Maps key is invalid. To learn more about Bing Map keys, please refer to the <a href="http://help.devexpress.com/#Silverlight/CustomDocument5975"><u>How to: Get a Bing Maps Key</u></a> tutorial.</p>

<br/>


